This is a basic Ecommerce Application demonstrating th ebasic elements needed to build a successful Ecommerce page.

Upon initial rendering the user will come up into the Homepage of the application where theres a NavBar with Links and a shopping cart react-icon and a banner entising teh customer to make some purchases. Also, a section with 9 of the top brands GAMESHAK offers.

Underneath theres a section for NewReleases. In this Application the user will be able to navigate to the list of products by clicking on the Products link on the navbar. This will show him the array of items GAMESHAK offers from which the user could put in their shopping cart.

Once in the shopping cart, the products selscted by the user will be displayed in a Card, that tells the user the amount in the shopping cart, the price per unit and the grand total based on how many units the user has in their shopping cart. Underneath all produucts theres a link that says 'Continue Shopping". Upon clicking on it the user will be redirected to the products page.

To the right of that there will be a Order Sumnmary section with the amount of items in the shopping cart, the grand total, shipping options, an input field for the user to enter a promo code with a button to apply it to their order. At the bottom there will be a TOTAL COST section that renders the total cost of their order with a button underneath that says Proceed to checkout.

Once 'Proceed to Checkout' button has been clicked a optional route function will be called. If the user is logged in, that button will take them to the shiipping information page. If theres no one logged in, the user will be redirected to a CheckOutOptions page where the user will be prompted to either Signin, SignUp or guestCheckout. All these options have different consecuences. When Signing in successfully the user will be redirected back to their shopping cart where they left off. When Sign Up button is clicked the user will be redirected to a Sign Up page where the user getys prompted for certain information needed to create their account. Once successfully SignedUp the user will be redirected to Signin page for them to sign into their newly created page. Once they sign in they will be redirected back into their shopping cart. As a guest checkout the user will be redirected to the shipping and payment page where there they will be prompted for the necessary information to process their order successfully. Once all the information required has been entered the place order button will be unlocked which will allow the user to process their order successfully. After their order has been processed the user will be redirected into ProcessedOrderPage which will have a random order number and a summary of their latest purchase. As well as adding their latest order to their purchase history attached to their user \_id in the database. With this application we are able to keep track of every purchase each user has completed. This data includes, qty of items, name of items, price of each items and total order amount as well as their admin data like address, full name.
